Update 4-0-upgrade-guide.rst (#6768)
cakephp/docs: en/appendices/4-0-upgrade-guide.rst

    php composer.phar require --dev --update-with-dependencies "phpunit/phpunit:^8.0"
    php composer.phar require --update-with-dependencies "cakephp/cakephp:4.0.*"
    
    
    
Update CakePHP Skeleton
=======================

> It might also be helpful to upgrade the app skeleton of your cakePHP app. See https://packagist.org/packages/dereuromark/upgrade-cakephp for more information.

Reviewer: Thats the wrong repo, and I dont think this helps without having a more clear doc on the actual commands needed probably.

What I was referring to was the missing info about the BodyParser middleware and anything concrete related that was missing on this page here.

Author: Ah ok. So it would be better to have a section on what should be looked at closer, when upgrading to cakephp4 in general? 
How can I update the documentary here the best way? Would I need to create a new pull request? Sorry, haven't had done something like this before -.-

Reviewer: You can also change this PR

Reviewer 2: Edit [/en/appendices/4-0-upgrade-guide.rst](https://github.com/gringlas/docs/blob/patch-4/en/appendices/4-0-upgrade-guide.rst) at your fork and commit to same `patch-4` branch, and changes will appear here in this PR.

    php composer.phar require --dev --update-with-dependencies "phpunit/phpunit:^8.0"
    php composer.phar require --update-with-dependencies "cakephp/cakephp:4.0.*"
    
    
    
Application.php
===============

> It is also advised to have a closer look at your `src/Application.php`. You can compare it with the one from the cake/app skeleton, which can be found here: https://github.com/cakephp/app/blob/master/src/Application.php.

Reviewer: Afaik, you need to use double ` for code fencing.

> It is also advised to have a closer look at your ``src/Application.php``. You can compare it with the one from the cake/app skeleton, which can be found here: https://github.com/cakephp/app/blob/master/src/Application.php.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is also advised to have a closer look at your ``src/Application.php``. You can compare it with the one from the cakephp/app skeleton, which can be found here: https://github.com/cakephp/app/blob/master/src/Application.php.
```

> It is also advised to have a closer look at your ``src/Application.php``. You can compare it with the one from the cake/app skeleton, which can be found here: https://github.com/cakephp/app/blob/master/src/Application.php.

Reviewer 3: I can fix that up post merge.

    
    
    
Application.php
===============

> It is also advised to have a closer look at your `src/Application.php`. You can compare it with the one from the cake/app skeleton, which can be found here: https://github.com/cakephp/app/blob/master/src/Application.php.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It is also advised to have a closer look at your ``src/Application.php``. You can compare it with the one from the `cake/app skeleton, <https://github.com/cakephp/app/blob/master/src/Application.php>`__.
```

Fix code formatting and use a link with text.

> For example if you are providing some kind of REST api, don't forget to include the BodyParserMiddleware as described in https://book.cakephp.org/4/en/controllers/middleware.html#body-parser-middleware.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example if you are providing some kind of REST API, don't forget to include the :ref:`body-parser-middleware`.
```

Use an internal reference link.
